call::getDeviceId
url::http://twitter.com/YogaforLifeApp
url::http://code.google.com/p/yogaforlife/issues/list
activity::Yoga for Life
activity::Bmi Calculator
activity::Life Planner
activity::Stop Watch
url::eyes-free.googlecode.com
activity::Diary Editor
activity::Hidden alarm
call::getSystemService
url::http://www.reddit.com/r/yogaforlife
activity::Match Picture
api_call::android/telephony/TelephonyManager;->getDeviceId
permission::android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
activity::Act Tutor
activity::Planner
activity::Addition
activity::Diet calories
permission::android.permission.INTERNET
activity::Alarm Manager
call::getPackageInfo
activity::Profiles
url::slideme.org
url::code.google.com
url::http://www.facebook.com/yogaforlifehelp
activity::Search
activity::Match Name
api_call::android/content/Context;->startService
activity::Series
real_permission::android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
url::twitter.com
url::https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr
activity::Manage Routines
activity::Plan Log
intent::android.intent.category.LAUNCHER
permission::android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED
activity::Medication Planner
activity::Select Routines
activity::Help
activity::Schedule Backup
activity::Splash screen
activity::Routine Tutor
activity::Plan All
activity::Plan Editor
activity::Act List
activity::Goal Planner
activity::RPG
permission::android.permission.READ_PHONE_STATE
activity::Text Player
url::http://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/thirdparty/espeak-data.zip
activity::ToDo Planner
activity::Diary Log
url::https://slideme.org/slidelock2/
activity::Health Log
api_call::java/net/URL;->openConnection
activity::All Log
api_call::android/app/NotificationManager;->notify
feature::android.hardware.screen.portrait
url::www.paypal.com
activity::Tutorials
activity::Recommended
activity::Addition Subtraction
feature::android.hardware.touchscreen
activity::CAct Editor
call::printStackTrace
activity::CAct List
activity::.Main
activity::Schedule
intent::android.intent.action.BOOT_COMPLETED
activity::Act info
activity::Activity Log
real_permission::android.permission.WAKE_LOCK
activity::Routines
activity::Log
service_receiver::.alarm.OnBootReceiver
activity::Option
real_permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
activity::Alarm Action
activity::Games
activity::Simple Alarm
activity::Activity calories
url::www.reddit.com
activity::HighScores
activity::Tools
url::https://slideme.org/application/yoga-life
activity::Diet Log
url::www.facebook.com
activity::Manage Tutorials
intent::android.intent.action.MAIN
activity::Act Text
real_permission::android.permission.INTERNET
activity::Blocks
service_receiver::.alarm.AlarmReceiver
activity::Contents
api_call::android/media/MediaPlayer;->start
activity::License fail
