service_receiver::MinimalisticTextBootReceiver
url::www.yahooapis.com
service_receiver::MinimalisticTextMediaMountReceiver
intent::com.twofortyfouram.locale.intent.action.EDIT_SETTING
real_permission::android.permission.ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION
call::getPackageInfo
url::http://wiki.devmil.de/tiki-index.php?page%3DManual
intent::com.twofortyfouram.locale.intent.action.FIRE_SETTING
activity::de.devmil.minimaltext.applaunch
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 4x1 (hor)
api_call::android/net/wifi/WifiManager;->getConnectionInfo
api_call::android/location/LocationManager;->isProviderEnabled
url::http://where.yahooapis.com/v1/schema.rng
call::getSystemService
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text (1x1)
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 3x2 (hor)
url::xml.weather.yahoo.com
permission::android.permission.CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE
url::http://weather.yahooapis.com/forecastrss?w%3D
url::http://xml.weather.yahoo.com/ns/rss/1.0
activity::.MinimalTextPreferenceManager
real_permission::android.permission.READ_LOGS
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 3x1 (hor)
api_call::java/net/HttpURLConnection
permission::de.devmil.minimaltext.permission.USE_DIRECT_CALL_ADDON
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 6x1 (hor)
service_receiver::de.devmil.minimaltext.weather.WeatherUpdateService
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 5x1 (hor)
service_receiver::de.devmil.minimaltext.systemvars.SystemVariablesPollService
real_permission::android.permission.GET_TASKS
intent::android.net.conn.BACKGROUND_DATA_SETTING_CHANGED
url::http://wiki.devmil.de/
url::wiki.devmil.de
api_call::java/lang/Runtime;->exec
intent::android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED
activity::.ui.MinimalTextPreferenceManager
api_call::android/content/Context;->startService
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 1x4 (vert)
url::http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace
feature::android.hardware.location.network
url::http://www.yahooapis.com/v1/base.rng
intent::android.intent.category.LAUNCHER
permission::android.permission.RECEIVE_BOOT_COMPLETED
real_permission::android.permission.CHANGE_COMPONENT_ENABLED_STATE
url::http://www.google.com/ig/api?weather%3D
service_receiver::Locale Settings receiver
call::Read/Write External Storage
api_call::android/app/ActivityManager;->getRunningTasks
api_call::android/net/ConnectivityManager;->getNetworkInfo
url::http://www.w3.org/2003/01/geo/wgs84_pos
url::http://www.worldweatheronline.com/feed/weather.ashx
service_receiver::de.devmil.minimaltext.locale.LocaleFireReceiver
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text Media mount receiver
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 4x2 (hor)
activity::.ui.MinimalTextPreferences
api_call::android/os/Vibrator;->vibrate
permission::android.permission.INTERNET
call::Execution of external commands
activity::Weather Update
url::www.worldweatheronline.com
intent::android.intent.action.MAIN
permission::android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
url::weather.yahooapis.com
activity::de.devmil.common.preferences.SelectActivity
activity::de.devmil.common.preferences.IntentSelector
feature::android.hardware.touchscreen
activity::Launch app activity
call::printStackTrace
url::http://where.yahooapis.com/geocode?q%3D
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 2x2
real_permission::android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
intent::android.intent.action.BOOT_COMPLETED
permission::android.permission.GET_TASKS
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_WIFI_STATE
url::where.yahooapis.com
url::www.google.com
permission::android.permission.ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION
feature::android.hardware.location
real_permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 1x2 (vert)
permission::android.permission.VIBRATE
url::http://www.google.com/ig/api?weather%3D,,,
activity::.ui.MinimalTextGlobalSettingsView
call::Obfuscation(Base64)
real_permission::android.permission.ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE
intent::android.net.conn.CONNECTIVITY_CHANGE
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 1x5 (vert)
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text Boot receiver
feature::android.hardware.telephony
activity::de.devmil.minimaltext.InstallAddOnActivity
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 1x3 (vert)
feature::android.hardware.wifi
api_call::android/content/pm/PackageManager;->setComponentEnabledSetting
url::www.w3.org
service_receiver::WeatherService Control Receiver
real_permission::android.permission.INTERNET
service_receiver::MinimalTextUpdateService
activity::Speak widget content activity
provider::android.appwidget.provider
service_receiver::Minimalistic Text 2x1 (hor)
